Y
this man was the one who unveiled the
dark life of Tony Montana Rodriguez
person who took the information from
resolve of the weigh now my life be
public talks and happy
whose business would be the largest
Peruvian drug kingpin in the past
time
tony montana big bonnet dream about the
rapist stayed long in the
anonymity but has now decided to go
the light because he believes that his life is no longer
ok nothing was coming down from my house
and a car comes in opposite sense
one person went down
thick corpulent qt and it starts me
take out a gun and make shots which I
I put a fifth and I climb on top of
a roof and I'm talking after dying
scream or die killed that would seem
be the end that this hacker imagines
25 years that ensures to know thoroughly the
work of the police I work for
research on my own for the
advertising not only of these cases
previous ideas for how long
time according to such years four years and
works with all institutions
police and with the majority
institutions
and that day the first of April the day of
deadly attack on the porch they called it
so that he does what he says is his job
the captain calls me to open meadows
Please help him investigate why
they could not decrypt the phones
they could check the cell phones they could not
know what they had because they had keys and
passwords how many pig cells
cell phones
what kind of according to samsung s 4 which
It was melted in the upper part
but it still worked and a galaxy s3 lc4
he found himself inside the porch in the
pilot's seat
lc 13 pulled out of the pocket of berrio this
video shows the state it was in
the luxurious car of gerald oropeza in
half of the objects burned the police
he extracted one two three and up to four
suitcases that Tony Montana brought from campus
the packages were brought as
evidence to the divincri of san miguel and
according to the informant there were bundles of
money
the famous phones and something more a
espionage machine is a machine that
It takes care of how they say it is your putting
the lines that only have the strength
the intelligence work of this
machine are available in the country
really is scheming and it's the
machine that I had Lopez on yesterday
suitcase that was found was like this is
so I would use this to really
listen and have the conversas of the
important people that can serve you
as on the command in case they had to
stop it because he had that machine
can you say look I already have that
understanding of you if in spite of all the
Rodriguez's statements were true
to tony montana fate would have
played a bad trick then finally
it was their conversations that
they came to light
I'm going on a trip on the 27th
boat that we have square for
things that come out in that week that others
characters according to him would have kept
contacts with the today fugitive Oropeza
there was much more information than
cell phones there were conversations with another
kind of people there was when a
little bit of politics
there were talks with mayors of
another from another province more audios more
things would be talking to want
Europe and because in the
conversations come talks and says I
I am were are telephone conversations
or watson conversations via whatsapp
bioware audio audios photos images there
conversations that bring the
province merchandise there are things that do not
they square how money sends money
you can not go through the control without
controls 100 thousand euros or one million
euros every 15 days as I tell you in
actually send them a million
seven hundred thousand euros to 15 days and that
says it in the seat says it in the
watch on the whatsapp and in the images
with whom they speak between those to
budgets and gerald according to the
informant at oropesa phones
a communication would have been found
by whatsapp with a Peruvian narco
we have a conversation also according to
the peter conversion but it does not have is
a drug dealer already recognized in that
conversation and I was telling you
capital for the church send me gold but
what was done with everything that was found
in the suitcases
the informant has a version the
machine was inside a suitcase with
a briefcase with money which is no longer
the day you leave all this is communicated
capital of distraction where is that
money we have never sent anything ever
there was nothing there was never anything the
silver and the suitcase how much money
we would be in a relative reality
there was too much money wrapped in paper
coal were dollars or were euros when
the images and audios of
Oropesa told himself that Rodriguez had
filtered but this one sustains instead
that the telephone equipment plus a usb
with the material extracted from them will
was delivered to the captain meadow was the
I return the two phones the words
text of the captain for a front
out of himself keep those there is no need
present the information because it is
better to make it charge for that
information the scandal had been made
big and the prosecutor in charge of pike
outgoing assumes investigations I
I went to the DA's office the next day
that intervened the house of the plain
by
they ask me to go to the house of the
plain to investigate that you could
see I enter the house of the return in
the moment of intervention there is with
best tax be and roses'
the fiscal message tomorrow I need that
have enough explain to me what is it
what is happening and I declared and mediate
what is in the usb
Marco Rodriguez says he met
with the prosecutor and quickly went from
witness to effective contributor but the
last Thursday things say they changed
drastically the hole what on the day of
yesterday when they wanted to attack me
life and against my family's house in
the house of my son an attack left
a fuze of a grenade and the prosecutor
He replied in a very grotesque me
when I have time for you to me I do not
call really my life is in danger
thanks to that prosecutor who
excuses you for these attacks actually
we do not have something concrete because I do not know
know if it's the police if it's for the
meadow unit that is the same people
of gold, whether or not it is true what it says
Marcos Rodríguez The truth is that the
justice should not put a
effective contributor to the risk that already
have suffered many of those involved in
this delicate and dangerous case
for so much money so much economic power
that we can not know whom to whom
trusting your family is an hour in danger
my family is guarded by staff
security on my own these
hired so is my family is in a
So safe site thanks to God where
nothing can happen to me
told that disappear from the map
I can be my life in my head has
price
[Music]